[docs] PITR command update for YSQL and YCQL (#24117)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/manage/backup-restore/point-in-time-recovery.md

> Assuming the retention target is three days, you can execute the following command to create a schedule that produces a snapshot once a day (every 1,440 minutes) and retains it for three days (4,320 minutes):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to create a schedule that produces a snapshot of a YSQL database once a day (every 1,440 minutes) and retains it for three days (4,320 minutes), you would execute the following command:
```

Reviewer: Should also be clarified/made more explicit in the reference doc https://docs.yugabyte.com/preview/admin/yb-admin/#create-snapshot-schedule

> For a YSQL database,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```sh
./bin/yb-admin -master_addresses <ip1:7100,ip2:7100,ip3:7100> create_snapshot_schedule 1440 4320 ysql.<database_name>
```

> For a YCQL keyspace,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The equivalent command for a YCQL keyspace would be the following:
```
